https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/overview-summary.html

java.applet											Provides the classes necessary to create an applet and the classes an applet uses to communicate with its applet context.
java.awt											Contains all of the classes for creating user interfaces and for painting graphics and images.
java.awt.color										Provides classes for color spaces.
java.awt.datatransfer								Provides interfaces and classes for transferring data between and within applications.
java.awt.dnd										Drag and Drop is a direct manipulation gesture found in many Graphical User Interface systems that provides a mechanism to transfer information between two entities logically associated with presentation elements in the GUI.
java.awt.event										Provides interfaces and classes for dealing with different types of events fired by AWT components.
java.awt.font										Provides classes and interface relating to fonts.
java.awt.geom										Provides the Java 2D classes for defining and performing operations on objects related to two-dimensional geometry.
java.awt.im											Provides classes and interfaces for the input method framework.
java.awt.im.spi										Provides interfaces that enable the development of input methods that can be used with any Java runtime environment.
java.awt.image										Provides classes for creating and modifying images.
java.awt.image.renderable							Provides classes and interfaces for producing rendering-independent images.
java.awt.print										Provides classes and interfaces for a general printing API.
java.beans											Contains classes related to developing beans -- components based on the JavaBeans™ architecture.
java.beans.beancontext								Provides classes and interfaces relating to bean context.
java.io												Provides for system input and output through data streams, serialization and the file system.
java.lang											Provides classes that are fundamental to the design of the Java programming language.
java.lang.annotation								Provides library support for the Java programming language annotation facility.
java.lang.instrument								Provides services that allow Java programming language agents to instrument programs running on the JVM.
java.lang.invoke									The java.lang.invoke package contains dynamic language support provided directly by the Java core class libraries and virtual machine.
java.lang.management								Provides the management interfaces for monitoring and management of the Java virtual machine and other components in the Java runtime.
java.lang.ref										Provides reference-object classes, which support a limited degree of interaction with the garbage collector.
java.lang.reflect									Provides classes and interfaces for obtaining reflective information about classes and objects.
java.math											Provides classes for performing arbitrary-precision integer arithmetic (BigInteger) and arbitrary-precision decimal arithmetic (BigDecimal).
java.net											Provides the classes for implementing networking applications.
java.nio											Defines buffers, which are containers for data, and provides an overview of the other NIO packages.
java.nio.channels									Defines channels, which represent connections to entities that are capable of performing I/O operations, such as files and sockets; defines selectors, for multiplexed, non-blocking I/O operations.
java.nio.channels.spi								Service-provider classes for the java.nio.channels package.
java.nio.charset									Defines charsets, decoders, and encoders, for translating between bytes and Unicode characters.
java.nio.charset.spi								Service-provider classes for the java.nio.charset package.
java.nio.file										Defines interfaces and classes for the Java virtual machine to access files, file attributes, and file systems.
java.nio.file.attribute								Interfaces and classes providing access to file and file system attributes.
java.nio.file.spi									Service-provider classes for the java.nio.file package.
java.rmi											Provides the RMI package.
java.rmi.activation									Provides support for RMI Object Activation.
java.rmi.dgc										Provides classes and interface for RMI distributed garbage-collection (DGC).
java.rmi.registry									Provides a class and two interfaces for the RMI registry.
java.rmi.server										Provides classes and interfaces for supporting the server side of RMI.
java.security										Provides the classes and interfaces for the security framework.
java.security.acl									The classes and interfaces in this package have been superseded by classes in the java.security package.
java.security.cert									Provides classes and interfaces for parsing and managing certificates, certificate revocation lists (CRLs), and certification paths.
java.security.interfaces							Provides interfaces for generating RSA (Rivest, Shamir and Adleman AsymmetricCipher algorithm) keys as defined in the RSA Laboratory Technical Note PKCS#1, and DSA (Digital Signature Algorithm) keys as defined in NIST's FIPS-186.
java.security.spec									Provides classes and interfaces for key specifications and algorithm parameter specifications.
java.sql											Provides the API for accessing and processing data stored in a data source (usually a relational database) using the JavaTM programming language.
java.text											Provides classes and interfaces for handling text, dates, numbers, and messages in a manner independent of natural languages.
java.text.spi										Service provider classes for the classes in the java.text package.
java.util											Contains the collections framework, legacy collection classes, event model, date and time facilities, internationalization, and miscellaneous utility classes (a string tokenizer, a random-number generator, and a bit array).
java.util.concurrent								Utility classes commonly useful in concurrent programming.
java.util.concurrent.atomic							A small toolkit of classes that support lock-free thread-safe programming on single variables.
java.util.concurrent.locks							Interfaces and classes providing a framework for locking and waiting for conditions that is distinct from built-in synchronization and monitors.
java.util.jar										Provides the classes and interfaces of the JavaTM 2 platform's core logging facilities.
java.util.prefs										This package allows applications to store and retrieve user and system preference and configuration data.
java.util.regex										Classes for matching character sequences against patterns specified by regular expressions.
java.util.spi										Service provider classes for the classes in the java.util package.
java.util.zip										Provides classes for reading and writing the standard ZIP and GZIP file formats.
javax.accessibility									Defines a contract between user-interface components and an assistive technology that provides access to those components.
javax.activation
javax.activity										Contains Activity service related exceptions thrown by the ORB machinery during unmarshalling.
javax.annotation
javax.annotation.processing							Facilities for declaring annotation processors and for allowing annotation processors to communicate with an annotation processing tool environment.
javax.crypto										Provides the classes and interfaces for cryptographic operations.
javax.crypto.interfaces								Provides interfaces for Diffie-Hellman keys as defined in RSA Laboratories' PKCS #3.
javax.crypto.spec									Provides classes and interfaces for key specifications and algorithm parameter specifications.
javax.imageio										The main package of the Java Image I/O API.
javax.imageio.event									A package of the Java Image I/O API dealing with synchronous notification of events during the reading and writing of images.
javax.imageio.metadata								A package of the Java Image I/O API dealing with reading and writing metadata.
javax.imageio.plugins.bmp							Package containing the public classes used by the built-in BMP plug-in.
javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg							Classes supporting the built-in JPEG plug-in.
javax.imageio.spi									A package of the Java Image I/O API containing the plug-in interfaces for readers, writers, transcoders, and streams, and a runtime registry.
javax.imageio.stream								A package of the Java Image I/O API dealing with low-level I/O from files and streams.
javax.jws
javax.jws.soap
javax.lang.model									Classes and hierarchies of packages used to model the Java programming language.
javax.lang.model.element							Interfaces used to model elements of the Java programming language.
javax.lang.model.type								Interfaces used to model Java programming language types.
javax.lang.model.util								Utilities to assist in the processing of program elements and types.
javax.management									Provides the core classes for the Java Management Extensions.
javax.management.loading							Provides the classes which implement advanced dynamic loading.
javax.management.modelmbean							Provides the definition of the ModelMBean classes.
javax.management.monitor							Provides the definition of the monitor classes.
javax.management.openmbean							Provides the open data types and Open MBean descriptor classes.
javax.management.relation							Provides the definition of the Relation Service.
javax.management.remote								Interfaces for remote access to JMX MBean servers.
javax.management.remote.rmi							The RMI connector is a connector for the JMX Remote API that uses RMI to transmit client requests to a remote MBean server.
javax.management.timer								Provides the definition of the Timer MBean.
javax.naming										Provides the classes and interfaces for accessing naming services.
javax.naming.directory								Extends the javax.naming package to provide functionality for accessing directory services.
javax.naming.event									Provides support for event notification when accessing naming and directory services.
javax.naming.ldap									Provides support for LDAPv3 extended operations and controls.
javax.naming.spi
javax.net											Provides classes for networking applications.
javax.net.ssl										Provides classes for the secure socket package.
javax.print											Provides the principal classes and interfaces for the JavaTM Print Service API.
javax.print.attribute								Provides classes and interfaces that describe the types of JavaTM Print Service attributes and how they can be collected into attribute sets.
javax.print.attribute.standard						Package javax.print.attribute.standard contains classes for specific printing attributes.
javax.print.event									Package javax.print.event contains event classes and listener interfaces.
javax.rmi											Contains user APIs for RMI-IIOP.
javax.rmi.CORBA										Contains portability APIs for RMI-IIOP.
javax.rmi.ssl										Provides implementations of RMIClientSocketFactory and RMIServerSocketFactory over the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) or Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocols.
javax.script										The scripting API consists of interfaces and classes that define Java TM Scripting Engines and provides a framework for their use in Java applications.
javax.security.auth									This package provides a framework for authentication and authorization.
javax.security.auth.callback						This package provides the classes necessary for services to interact with applications in order to retrieve information (authentication data including usernames or passwords, for example) or to display information (error and warning messages, for example).
javax.security.auth.kerberos						This package contains utility classes related to the Kerberos network authentication protocol.
javax.security.auth.login							This package provides a pluggable authentication framework.
javax.security.auth.spi								This package provides the interface to be used for implementing pluggable authentication modules.
javax.security.auth.x500							This package contains the classes that should be used to store X500 Principal and X500 Private Crendentials in a Subject.
javax.security.cert									Provides classes for public key certificates.
javax.security.sasl									Contains class and interfaces for supporting SASL.
javax.sound.midi									Provides interfaces and classes for I/O, sequencing, and synthesis of MIDI (Musical Instrument Digital Interface) data.
javax.sound.midi.spi								Supplies interfaces for service providers to implement when offering new MIDI devices, MIDI file readers and writers, or sound bank readers.
javax.sound.sampled									Provides interfaces and classes for capture, processing, and playback of sampled audio data.
javax.sound.sampled.spi								Supplies abstract classes for service providers to subclass when offering new audio devices, sound file readers and writers, or audio format converters.
javax.sql											Provides the API for server side data source access and processing from the JavaTM programming language.
javax.sql.rowset									Standard interfaces and base classes for JDBC RowSet implementations.
javax.sql.rowset.serial								Provides utility classes to allow serializable mappings between SQL types and data types in the Java programming language.
javax.sql.rowset.spi								The standard classes and interfaces that a third party vendor has to use in its implementation of a synchronization provider.
javax.swing											Provides a set of "lightweight" (all-Java language) components that, to the maximum degree possible, work the same on all platforms.
javax.swing.border									Provides classes and interface for drawing specialized borders around a Swing component.
javax.swing.colorchooser							Contains classes and interfaces used by the JColorChooser component.
javax.swing.event									Provides for events fired by Swing components.
javax.swing.filechooser								Contains classes and interfaces used by the JFileChooser component.
javax.swing.plaf									Provides one interface and many abstract classes that Swing uses to provide its pluggable look-and-feel capabilities.
javax.swing.plaf.basic								Provides user interface objects built according to the Basic look and feel.
javax.swing.plaf.metal								Provides user interface objects built according to the Java look and feel (once codenamed Metal), which is the default look and feel.
javax.swing.plaf.multi								Provides user interface objects that combine two or more look and feels.
javax.swing.plaf.nimbus								Provides user interface objects built according to the cross-platform Nimbus look and feel.
javax.swing.plaf.synth								Synth is a skinnable look and feel in which all painting is delegated.
javax.swing.table									Provides classes and interfaces for dealing with javax.swing.JTable.
javax.swing.text									Provides classes and interfaces that deal with editable and noneditable text components.
javax.swing.text.html								Provides the class HTMLEditorKit and supporting classes for creating HTML text editors.
javax.swing.text.html.parser						Provides the default HTML parser, along with support classes.
javax.swing.text.rtf								Provides a class (RTFEditorKit) for creating Rich-Text-Format text editors.
javax.swing.tree									Provides classes and interfaces for dealing with javax.swing.JTree.
javax.swing.undo									Allows developers to provide support for undo/redo in applications such as text editors.
javax.tools											Provides interfaces for tools which can be invoked from a program, for example, compilers.
javax.transaction									Contains three exceptions thrown by the ORB machinery during unmarshalling.
javax.transaction.xa								Provides the API that defines the contract between the transaction manager and the resource manager, which allows the transaction manager to enlist and delist resource objects (supplied by the resource manager driver) in JTA transactions.
javax.xml
javax.xml.bind										Provides a runtime binding framework for client applications including unmarshalling, marshalling, and validation capabilities.
javax.xml.bind.annotation							Defines annotations for customizing Java program elements to XML Schema mapping.
javax.xml.bind.annotation.adapters					XmlAdapter and its spec-defined sub-classes to allow arbitrary Java classes to be used with JAXB.
javax.xml.bind.attachment							This package is implemented by a MIME-based package processor that enables the interpretation and creation of optimized binary data within an MIME-based package format.
javax.xml.bind.helpers								JAXB Provider Use Only: Provides partial default implementations for some of the javax.xml.bind interfaces.
javax.xml.bind.util									Useful client utility classes.
javax.xml.crypto									Common classes for XML cryptography.
javax.xml.crypto.dom								DOM-specific classes for the javax.xml.crypto package.
javax.xml.crypto.dsig								Classes for generating and validating XML digital signatures.
javax.xml.crypto.dsig.dom							DOM-specific classes for the javax.xml.crypto.dsig package.
javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo						Classes for parsing and processing KeyInfo elements and structures.
javax.xml.crypto.dsig.spec							Parameter classes for XML digital signatures.
javax.xml.datatype									XML/Java Type Mappings.
javax.xml.namespace									XML Namespace processing.
javax.xml.parsers									Provides classes allowing the processing of XML documents.
javax.xml.soap										Provides the API for creating and building SOAP messages.
javax.xml.stream
javax.xml.stream.events
javax.xml.stream.util
javax.xml.transform									This package defines the generic APIs for processing transformation instructions, and performing a transformation from source to result.
javax.xml.transform.dom								This package implements DOM-specific transformation APIs.
javax.xml.transform.sax								This package implements SAX2-specific transformation APIs.
javax.xml.transform.stax							Provides for StAX-specific transformation APIs.
javax.xml.transform.stream							This package implements stream- and URI- specific transformation APIs.
javax.xml.validation								This package provides an API for validation of XML documents.
javax.xml.ws										This package contains the core JAX-WS APIs.
javax.xml.ws.handler								This package defines APIs for message handlers.
javax.xml.ws.handler.soap							This package defines APIs for SOAP message handlers.
javax.xml.ws.http									This package defines APIs specific to the HTTP binding.
javax.xml.ws.soap									This package defines APIs specific to the SOAP binding.
javax.xml.ws.spi									This package defines SPIs for JAX-WS.
javax.xml.ws.spi.http								Provides HTTP SPI that is used for portable deployment of JAX-WS web services in containers(for e.g.
javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing							This package defines APIs related to WS-Addressing.
javax.xml.xpath										This package provides an object-model neutral API for the evaluation of XPath expressions and access to the evaluation environment.
org.ietf.jgss										This package presents a framework that allows application developers to make use of security services like authentication, data integrity and data confidentiality from a variety of underlying security mechanisms like Kerberos, using a unified API.
org.omg.CORBA										Provides the mapping of the OMG CORBA APIs to the JavaTM programming language, including the class ORB, which is implemented so that a programmer can use it as a fully-functional Object Request Broker (ORB).
org.omg.CORBA_2_3									The CORBA_2_3 package defines additions to existing CORBA interfaces in the Java[tm] Standard Edition 6. These changes occurred in recent revisions to the CORBA API defined by the OMG.  The new methods were added to  interfaces derived from the corresponding interfaces in the CORBA package. This provides backward compatibility and avoids breaking the JCK tests.
org.omg.CORBA_2_3.portable							Provides methods for the input and output of value types, and contains other updates to the org/omg/CORBA/portable package.
org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage							Provides the exceptions used with the DynAny interface (InvalidValue, Invalid, InvalidSeq, and TypeMismatch).
org.omg.CORBA.ORBPackage							Provides the exception InvalidName, which is thrown by the method ORB.resolve_initial_references and the exception InconsistentTypeCode, which is thrown by the Dynamic Any creation methods in the ORB class.
org.omg.CORBA.portable								Provides a portability layer, that is, a set of ORB APIs that makes it possible for code generated by one vendor to run on another vendor's ORB.
org.omg.CORBA.TypeCodePackage						Provides the user-defined exceptions BadKind and Bounds, which are thrown by methods in in the class TypeCode.
org.omg.CosNaming									Provides a naming service for Java IDL.
org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextExtPackage			This package contains the following classes, which are used in org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextExt:
org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage				This package contains Exception classes for the org.omg.CosNaming package.
org.omg.Dynamic										This package contains the Dynamic module specified in the OMG Portable Interceptor specification, http://cgi.omg.org/cgi-bin/doc?ptc/2000-08-06, section 21.9.
org.omg.DynamicAny									Provides classes and interfaces that enable traversal of the data value associated with an any at runtime, and extraction of the primitive constituents of the data value.
org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyFactoryPackage				This package contains classes and exceptions from the DynAnyFactory interface of the DynamicAny module specified in the OMG The Common Object Request Broker: Architecture and Specification, http://cgi.omg.org/cgi-bin/doc?formal/99-10-07, section 9.2.2.
org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage					This package contains classes and exceptions from the DynAny interface of the DynamicAny module specified in the OMG The Common Object Request Broker: Architecture and Specification, http://cgi.omg.org/cgi-bin/doc?formal/99-10-07, section 9.2.
org.omg.IOP											This package contains the IOP module specified in the OMG document The Common Object Request Broker: Architecture and Specification, http://cgi.omg.org/cgi-bin/doc?formal/99-10-07, section 13.6.
org.omg.IOP.CodecFactoryPackage						This package contains the exceptions specified in the IOP::CodeFactory interface (as part of the Portable Interceptors spec).
org.omg.IOP.CodecPackage							This package is generated from the IOP::Codec IDL interface definition.
org.omg.Messaging									This package contains the Messaging module specified in the OMG CORBA Messaging specification, http://cgi.omg.org/cgi-bin/doc?formal/99-10-07.
org.omg.PortableInterceptor							Provides a mechanism to register ORB hooks through which ORB services can intercept the normal flow of execution of the ORB.
org.omg.PortableInterceptor.ORBInitInfoPackage		This package contains the exceptions and typedefs from the ORBInitInfo local interface of the PortableInterceptor module specified in the OMG Portable Interceptor specification, http://cgi.omg.org/cgi-bin/doc?ptc/2000-08-06, section 21.7.2.
org.omg.PortableServer								Provides classes and interfaces for making the server side of your applications portable across multivendor ORBs.
org.omg.PortableServer.CurrentPackage				Provides method implementations with access to the identity of the object on which the method was invoked.
org.omg.PortableServer.POAManagerPackage			Encapsulates the processing state of the POAs it is associated with.
org.omg.PortableServer.POAPackage					Allows programmers to construct object implementations that are portable between different ORB products.
org.omg.PortableServer.portable						Provides classes and interfaces for making the server side of your applications portable across multivendor ORBs.
org.omg.PortableServer.ServantLocatorPackage		Provides classes and interfaces for locating the servant.
org.omg.SendingContext								Provides support for the marshalling of value types.
org.omg.stub.java.rmi								Contains RMI-IIOP Stubs for the Remote types that occur in the java.rmi package.
org.w3c.dom											Provides the interfaces for the Document Object Model (DOM) which is a component API of the Java API for XML Processing.
org.w3c.dom.bootstrap
org.w3c.dom.events
org.w3c.dom.ls
org.xml.sax											This package provides the core SAX APIs.
org.xml.sax.ext										This package contains interfaces to SAX2 facilities that conformant SAX drivers won't necessarily support.
org.xml.sax.helpers									This package contains "helper" classes, including support for bootstrapping SAX-based applications.
